hello I'm Don Rigby with Secret
performance product today we are going
to discuss the Pro Series fifth row
product offering from sequent there's
several components of fifth wheel towing
the first thing to look at is a gross
trailer weight of the trailer
be sure the GTW does not exceed the
vehicle manufacturers towing
specification this information is
typically located in the vehicle owner's
manual next is our mounting system the
pro series fifth wheel mount to the bed
of the truck
using the above bed rail kits the rails
are attached to the frame utilizing the
universal mounting brackets or a custom
mounting bracket when the hitch is
removed as it is in this case the truck
bed is open from normal carrying needs
next is the fifth wheel head sequin
offers three weight ratings of the fifth
wheels in the Pro Series line fifteen
thousand sixteen thousand and twenty
thousand pounds once again be sure to
match the correct weight of the head
with the vehicle gross combined trailer
weight the 15,000 pound pros through his
head has a 4-way floating head with a
full five degrees side-to-side pivot for
easy hookup not even ground and around
and around this slide bar mechanism for
automatic self latching the 16,000 pound
Pro Series head has all the benefits of
the 15,000 plus a fully floating head
for improved hooking and unhooking
proven enhanced fly bars all the worry
free towing completes the 16,000 pound
head the 20,000 pound head has all the
features that are 15 and the 16,000
pound heads as well as a double jaw
system that completely surrounds a
kingpin pretty significantly reduce wear
and chucking pea lubricated clamps side
joints provide tight and efficient
operation finally when towing with a
short bed truck you would need the help
with a slider in order to allow for easy
maneuverability when backing into tight
camping spaces once the slider is
released from the touring position using
the handle it moves the fifth wheel head
and the trailer away from the truck cab
by 10 inches allowing for the clearance
of the truck rear window and the trailer
thank you for your time happy towing
you